refactor(skills): replace arch-diagram-builder agent with reusable architecture-diagrams skill (#2068)
microsoft/hve-core: .github/agents/project-planning/system-architecture-reviewer.agent.md

* Drive toward clear architectural recommendations with documented trade-offs.
* Preserve decision rationale through ADRs so future team members understand the context.
* Escalate security-specific concerns to the `security-planner` agent.

> * Before generating any architecture diagram, use the architecture-diagrams skill: read `.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md` with `read_file` and produce the diagram exactly as that skill directs. The skill is the authoritative source for its own conventions and output format; do not restate them here.

Reviewer: **[portability] Skill referenced by hardcoded `.github/skills/...` path**

The repo-root path `.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md` does not exist in plugin/extension distributions (skills resolve under `skills/...`), so this `read_file` fails outside the source repo. Invoke by skill name + relative file name instead, per [Use Agent Skills in VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/agent-customization/agent-skills#_how-copilot-uses-skills) and our `prompt-builder.instructions.md`.

```suggestion
* Before generating any architecture diagram, use the `architecture-diagrams` skill: load its `SKILL.md` and produce the diagram exactly as that skill directs. The skill is the authoritative source for its own conventions and output format; do not restate them here.
```

Author: Done. Updated to use the `architecture-diagrams` skill by name and load its `SKILL.md` rather than a hardcoded path.
